#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==5.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   djatex
    #   djoser
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-autocomplete-light==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.1
    # via djoser
djatex==0.1.16
    # via -r requirements.in
djoser==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
docopt==0.6.2
    # via num2words
idna==3.10
    # via requests
num2words==0.5.14
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
social-auth-app-django==5.4.2
    # via djoser
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
